♪♪
♪ Can't you see I'm easily
bothered by persistence ♪
♪ One step from
lashing out at you ♪
♪ You want in, to
get under my skin ♪
♪ And call yourself a friend ♪
♪ I've got more friends
like you, what do I do ♪
♪ Is there no standard anymore ♪
♪ What it takes, who I am,
where I've been, belong ♪
♪ You can't be
something you're not ♪
♪ Be yourself, by yourself,
stay away from me ♪
♪ A lesson learned in life ♪
♪ Known from the dawn of time ♪
♪ Respect ♪
♪ Walk, what did you say ♪
♪ Walk, are you talkin' to me ♪
♪ Are you talkin' to me ♪
♪ Run your mouth when I'm not
around, it's easy to achieve ♪
♪ You cry to weak
friends that sympathize ♪
♪ Can you hear the violins
playing your song ♪
♪ Those same "friends"
tell me your every word ♪
♪ Is there no standard anymore ♪
♪ What it takes, who I am,
where I've been, belong ♪
♪ You can't be
something you're not ♪
♪ Be yourself, by yourself,
stay away from me ♪
♪ A lesson learned in life ♪
♪ Known from the dawn of time ♪
♪ Respect ♪
♪ Walk, what did you say ♪
♪ Walk, are you talkin' to me ♪
♪ Respect ♪
♪ Walk, what did you say ♪
♪ Walk, are you talkin' to me ♪
♪ Are you talkin' to me ♪
♪ No way, punk ♪
♪ Respect ♪
♪ Walk, what did you say ♪
♪ Walk, are you talkin' to me ♪
♪ Respect ♪
♪ Walk, what did you say ♪
♪ Walk, are you talkin' to me ♪
♪ Are you talkin' to me ♪
♪ Walk on home, boy ♪
♪♪